docs-exp/auth.emailauthprovider.md, before:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@firebase/auth](./auth.md) &gt; [EmailAuthProvider](./auth.emailauthprovider.md)

## EmailAuthProvider class

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
export declare class EmailAuthProvider implements externs.EmailAuthProvider 
```
<b>Implements:</b> externs.[EmailAuthProvider](./auth-types.emailauthprovider.md)

## Properties

|  Property | Modifiers | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  [EMAIL\_LINK\_SIGN\_IN\_METHOD](./auth.emailauthprovider.email_link_sign_in_method.md) | <code>static</code> | (not declared) |  |
|  [EMAIL\_PASSWORD\_SIGN\_IN\_METHOD](./auth.emailauthprovider.email_password_sign_in_method.md) | <code>static</code> | (not declared) |  |
|  [PROVIDER\_ID](./auth.emailauthprovider.provider_id.md) | <code>static</code> | (not declared) |  |
|  [providerId](./auth.emailauthprovider.providerid.md) |  | (not declared) |  |

## Methods

|  Method | Modifiers | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [credential(email, password)](./auth.emailauthprovider.credential.md) | <code>static</code> |  |
|  [credentialWithLink(email, emailLink)](./auth.emailauthprovider.credentialwithlink.md) | <code>static</code> |  |

Commit message:

Add documentation for @firebase/auth-exp (#3952)
* Add documentation for @firebase/auth-exp

* PR Feedback

* Update examples to account for change in API related to credentialFromResult

* Rebase conflicts

docs-exp/auth.emailauthprovider.md, after:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@firebase/auth](./auth.md) &gt; [EmailAuthProvider](./auth.emailauthprovider.md)

## EmailAuthProvider class

Provider for generating [EmailAuthCredential](./auth.emailauthcredential.md)<!-- -->.

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
export declare class EmailAuthProvider implements externs.EmailAuthProvider 
```
<b>Implements:</b> externs.[EmailAuthProvider](./auth-types.emailauthprovider.md)

## Properties

|  Property | Modifiers | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  [EMAIL\_LINK\_SIGN\_IN\_METHOD](./auth.emailauthprovider.email_link_sign_in_method.md) | <code>static</code> | (not declared) | Always set to [SignInMethod.EMAIL\_LINK](./auth-types.signinmethod.email_link.md)<!-- -->. |
|  [EMAIL\_PASSWORD\_SIGN\_IN\_METHOD](./auth.emailauthprovider.email_password_sign_in_method.md) | <code>static</code> | (not declared) | Always set to [SignInMethod.EMAIL\_PASSWORD](./auth-types.signinmethod.email_password.md)<!-- -->. |
|  [PROVIDER\_ID](./auth.emailauthprovider.provider_id.md) | <code>static</code> | (not declared) | Always set to [ProviderId.PASSWORD](./auth-types.providerid.password.md)<!-- -->, even for email link. |
|  [providerId](./auth.emailauthprovider.providerid.md) |  | (not declared) | Always set to [ProviderId.PASSWORD](./auth-types.providerid.password.md)<!-- -->, even for email link. |

## Methods

|  Method | Modifiers | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [credential(email, password)](./auth.emailauthprovider.credential.md) | <code>static</code> | Initialize an [AuthCredential](./auth-types.authcredential.md) using an email and password. |
|  [credentialWithLink(email, emailLink)](./auth.emailauthprovider.credentialwithlink.md) | <code>static</code> | Initialize an [AuthCredential](./auth-types.authcredential.md) using an email and an email link after a sign in with email link operation. |
