<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@firebase/auth-types](./auth-types.md) &gt; [ActionCodeInfo](./auth-types.actioncodeinfo.md) &gt; [data](./auth-types.actioncodeinfo.data.md)

## ActionCodeInfo.data property

The data associated with the action code. For the [Operation.PASSWORD\_RESET](./auth-types.operation.password_reset.md)<!-- -->, [Operation.VERIFY\_EMAIL](./auth-types.operation.verify_email.md)<!-- -->, and [Operation.RECOVER\_EMAIL](./auth-types.operation.recover_email.md) actions, this object contains an email field with the address the email was sent to.

For the [Operation.RECOVER\_EMAIL](./auth-types.operation.recover_email.md) action, which allows a user to undo an email address change, this object also contains a `previousEmail` field with the user account's current email address. After the action completes, the user's email address will revert to the value in the `email` field from the value in `previousEmail` field.

For the [Operation.VERIFY\_AND\_CHANGE\_EMAIL](./auth-types.operation.verify_and_change_email.md) action, which allows a user to verify the email before updating it, this object contains a `previousEmail` field with the user account's email address before updating. After the action completes, the user's email address will be updated to the value in the `email` field from the value in `previousEmail` field.

For the [Operation.REVERT\_SECOND\_FACTOR\_ADDITION](./auth-types.operation.revert_second_factor_addition.md) action, which allows a user to unenroll a newly added second factor, this object contains a `multiFactorInfo` field with the information about the second factor. For phone second factor, the `multiFactorInfo` is a [MultiFactorInfo](./auth-types.multifactorinfo.md) object, which contains the phone number.

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
data: {
    email?: string | null;
    multiFactorInfo?: MultiFactorInfo | null;
    previousEmail?: string | null;
  };
```
