docs-exp/firestore_.querysnapshot.md, before:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@firebase/firestore](./firestore.md) &gt; [/](./firestore_.md) &gt; [QuerySnapshot](./firestore_.querysnapshot.md)

## QuerySnapshot class

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
export class QuerySnapshot<T = DocumentData> 
```

## Properties

|  Property | Modifiers | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  [docs](./firestore_.querysnapshot.docs.md) |  | Array&lt;[QueryDocumentSnapshot](./firestore_.querydocumentsnapshot.md)<!-- -->&lt;T&gt;&gt; |  |
|  [empty](./firestore_.querysnapshot.empty.md) |  | boolean |  |
|  [metadata](./firestore_.querysnapshot.metadata.md) |  | [SnapshotMetadata](./firestore_.snapshotmetadata.md) |  |
|  [query](./firestore_.querysnapshot.query.md) |  | [Query](./firestore_.query.md)<!-- -->&lt;T&gt; |  |
|  [size](./firestore_.querysnapshot.size.md) |  | number |  |

## Methods

|  Method | Modifiers | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [docChanges(options)](./firestore_.querysnapshot.docchanges.md) |  |  |
|  [forEach(callback, thisArg)](./firestore_.querysnapshot.foreach.md) |  |  |

Commit message:

Update exp docs (#4140)
* update docgen to work with firestore

* only export LogLevelString

* update entrypoints in firestore

* link to overloaded function

* clean temp folder first

* update docs

docs-exp/firestore_.querysnapshot.md, after:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@firebase/firestore](./firestore.md) &gt; [/](./firestore_.md) &gt; [QuerySnapshot](./firestore_.querysnapshot.md)

## QuerySnapshot class

A `QuerySnapshot` contains zero or more `DocumentSnapshot` objects representing the results of a query. The documents can be accessed as an array via the `docs` property or enumerated using the `forEach` method. The number of documents can be determined via the `empty` and `size` properties.

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
export declare class QuerySnapshot<T = DocumentData> 
```

## Properties

|  Property | Modifiers | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  [docs](./firestore_.querysnapshot.docs.md) |  | Array&lt;[QueryDocumentSnapshot](./firestore_.querydocumentsnapshot.md)<!-- -->&lt;T&gt;&gt; | An array of all the documents in the <code>QuerySnapshot</code>. |
|  [empty](./firestore_.querysnapshot.empty.md) |  | boolean | True if there are no documents in the <code>QuerySnapshot</code>. |
|  [metadata](./firestore_.querysnapshot.metadata.md) |  | [SnapshotMetadata](./firestore_.snapshotmetadata.md) | Metadata about this snapshot, concerning its source and if it has local modifications. |
|  [query](./firestore_.querysnapshot.query.md) |  | [Query](./firestore_.query.md)<!-- -->&lt;T&gt; | The query on which you called <code>get</code> or <code>onSnapshot</code> in order to get this <code>QuerySnapshot</code>. |
|  [size](./firestore_.querysnapshot.size.md) |  | number | The number of documents in the <code>QuerySnapshot</code>. |

## Methods

|  Method | Modifiers | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [docChanges(options)](./firestore_.querysnapshot.docchanges.md) |  | Returns an array of the documents changes since the last snapshot. If this is the first snapshot, all documents will be in the list as 'added' changes. |
|  [forEach(callback, thisArg)](./firestore_.querysnapshot.foreach.md) |  | Enumerates all of the documents in the <code>QuerySnapshot</code>. |
