docs-exp/firestore_.timestamp.md, before:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@firebase/firestore](./firestore.md) &gt; [/](./firestore_.md) &gt; [Timestamp](./firestore_.timestamp.md)

## Timestamp class

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
export class Timestamp 
```

## Constructors

|  Constructor | Modifiers | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [(constructor)(seconds, nanoseconds)](./firestore_.timestamp._constructor_.md) |  | Constructs a new instance of the <code>Timestamp</code> class |

## Properties

|  Property | Modifiers | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  [nanoseconds](./firestore_.timestamp.nanoseconds.md) |  | number |  |
|  [seconds](./firestore_.timestamp.seconds.md) |  | number |  |

## Methods

|  Method | Modifiers | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [fromDate(date)](./firestore_.timestamp.fromdate.md) | <code>static</code> |  |
|  [fromMillis(milliseconds)](./firestore_.timestamp.frommillis.md) | <code>static</code> |  |
|  [isEqual(other)](./firestore_.timestamp.isequal.md) |  |  |
|  [now()](./firestore_.timestamp.now.md) | <code>static</code> |  |
|  [toDate()](./firestore_.timestamp.todate.md) |  |  |
|  [toMillis()](./firestore_.timestamp.tomillis.md) |  |  |
|  [valueOf()](./firestore_.timestamp.valueof.md) |  |  |

Commit message:

Update exp docs (#4140)
* update docgen to work with firestore

* only export LogLevelString

* update entrypoints in firestore

* link to overloaded function

* clean temp folder first

* update docs

docs-exp/firestore_.timestamp.md, after:

<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [@firebase/firestore](./firestore.md) &gt; [/](./firestore_.md) &gt; [Timestamp](./firestore_.timestamp.md)

## Timestamp class

A `Timestamp` represents a point in time independent of any time zone or calendar, represented as seconds and fractions of seconds at nanosecond resolution in UTC Epoch time.

It is encoded using the Proleptic Gregorian Calendar which extends the Gregorian calendar backwards to year one. It is encoded assuming all minutes are 60 seconds long, i.e. leap seconds are "smeared" so that no leap second table is needed for interpretation. Range is from 0001-01-01T00:00:00Z to 9999-12-31T23:59:59.999999999Z.

 https://github.com/google/protobuf/blob/master/src/google/protobuf/timestamp.proto

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
export declare class Timestamp 
```

## Constructors

|  Constructor | Modifiers | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [(constructor)(seconds, nanoseconds)](./firestore_.timestamp._constructor_.md) |  | Creates a new timestamp. |

## Properties

|  Property | Modifiers | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- | --- |
|  [nanoseconds](./firestore_.timestamp.nanoseconds.md) |  | number |  |
|  [seconds](./firestore_.timestamp.seconds.md) |  | number |  |

## Methods

|  Method | Modifiers | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [fromDate(date)](./firestore_.timestamp.fromdate.md) | <code>static</code> | Creates a new timestamp from the given date. |
|  [fromMillis(milliseconds)](./firestore_.timestamp.frommillis.md) | <code>static</code> | Creates a new timestamp from the given number of milliseconds. |
|  [isEqual(other)](./firestore_.timestamp.isequal.md) |  | Returns true if this <code>Timestamp</code> is equal to the provided one. |
|  [now()](./firestore_.timestamp.now.md) | <code>static</code> | Creates a new timestamp with the current date, with millisecond precision. |
|  [toDate()](./firestore_.timestamp.todate.md) |  | Converts a <code>Timestamp</code> to a JavaScript <code>Date</code> object. This conversion causes a loss of precision since <code>Date</code> objects only support millisecond precision. |
|  [toJSON()](./firestore_.timestamp.tojson.md) |  |  |
|  [toMillis()](./firestore_.timestamp.tomillis.md) |  | Converts a <code>Timestamp</code> to a numeric timestamp (in milliseconds since epoch). This operation causes a loss of precision. |
|  [toString()](./firestore_.timestamp.tostring.md) |  |  |
|  [valueOf()](./firestore_.timestamp.valueof.md) |  | Converts this object to a primitive string, which allows Timestamp objects to be compared using the <code>&gt;</code>, <code>&lt;=</code>, <code>&gt;=</code> and <code>&gt;</code> operators. |
