Project: /docs/reference/js/_project.yaml
Book: /docs/reference/_book.yaml
page_type: reference

{% comment %}
DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!
This is generated by the JS SDK team, and any local changes will be
overwritten. Changes should be made in the source code at
https://github.com/firebase/firebase-js-sdk
{% endcomment %}

# ActionCodeInfo interface
A response from [checkActionCode()](./auth.md#checkactioncode)<!-- -->.

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
export interface ActionCodeInfo 
```

## Properties

|  Property | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |
|  [data](./auth.actioncodeinfo.md#actioncodeinfodata) | { email?: string \| null; multiFactorInfo?: [MultiFactorInfo](./auth.multifactorinfo.md#multifactorinfo_interface) \| null; previousEmail?: string \| null; } | The data associated with the action code. |
|  [operation](./auth.actioncodeinfo.md#actioncodeinfooperation) | (typeof [ActionCodeOperationMap](./auth.md#actioncodeoperation)<!-- -->)\[keyof typeof [ActionCodeOperationMap](./auth.md#actioncodeoperation)<!-- -->\] | The type of operation that generated the action code. |

## ActionCodeInfo.data

The data associated with the action code.

For the [ActionCodeOperation](./auth.md#actioncodeoperation)<!-- -->.PASSWORD\_RESET, [ActionCodeOperation](./auth.md#actioncodeoperation)<!-- -->.VERIFY\_EMAIL, and [ActionCodeOperation](./auth.md#actioncodeoperation)<!-- -->.RECOVER\_EMAIL actions, this object contains an email field with the address the email was sent to.

For the [ActionCodeOperation](./auth.md#actioncodeoperation)<!-- -->.RECOVER\_EMAIL action, which allows a user to undo an email address change, this object also contains a `previousEmail` field with the user account's current email address. After the action completes, the user's email address will revert to the value in the `email` field from the value in `previousEmail` field.

For the [ActionCodeOperation](./auth.md#actioncodeoperation)<!-- -->.VERIFY\_AND\_CHANGE\_EMAIL action, which allows a user to verify the email before updating it, this object contains a `previousEmail` field with the user account's email address before updating. After the action completes, the user's email address will be updated to the value in the `email` field from the value in `previousEmail` field.

For the [ActionCodeOperation](./auth.md#actioncodeoperation)<!-- -->.REVERT\_SECOND\_FACTOR\_ADDITION action, which allows a user to unenroll a newly added second factor, this object contains a `multiFactorInfo` field with the information about the second factor. For phone second factor, the `multiFactorInfo` is a [MultiFactorInfo](./auth.multifactorinfo.md#multifactorinfo_interface) object, which contains the phone number.

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
data: {
        email?: string | null;
        multiFactorInfo?: MultiFactorInfo | null;
        previousEmail?: string | null;
    };
```

## ActionCodeInfo.operation

The type of operation that generated the action code.

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
operation: (typeof ActionCodeOperationMap)[keyof typeof ActionCodeOperationMap];
```
